README.md, before:

# Yochess

## License for the project

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International (CC BY-NC 4.0) License. You are free to:
- Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material

Under the following terms:
- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
- NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.

For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file in this repository or visit the [Creative Commons website](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

## Acknowledgements

### [cm-chessboard]

This project uses a lightweight UI library for creating and visualising a chessboard, called [cm-chessboard].
The library is created by [Stefan Haack] and is under MIT license - [cm-chessboard's MIT license].

### [SvelteKit]

This project is powered by the [SvelteKit] framework, licensed under [MIT License][SvelteKit License].

[cm-chessboard]: https://github.com/shaack/cm-chessboard
[Stefan Haack]: https://github.com/shaack
[cm-chessboard's MIT license]: https://github.com/shaack/cm-chessboard/blob/master/LICENSE
[SvelteKit]: https://github.com/sveltejs/kit
[SvelteKit License]: https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/blob/main/LICENSE

Commit message:

Add guide for running locally

README.md, after:

# Yochess

Simple, account-free website for playing chess. Try it out here - https://www.yochess.com

## License for the project

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International (CC BY-NC 4.0) License. You are free to:
- Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material

Under the following terms:
- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
- NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.

For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file in this repository or visit the [Creative Commons website](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

## Acknowledgements

### [cm-chessboard]

This project uses a lightweight UI library for creating and visualising a chessboard, called [cm-chessboard].
The library is created by [Stefan Haack] and is under MIT license - [cm-chessboard's MIT license].

### [SvelteKit]

This project is powered by the [SvelteKit] framework, licensed under [MIT License][SvelteKit License].

## Notes for developers

If you are interested in running the project locally follow [this guide here](docs/running-locally.md)

[cm-chessboard]: https://github.com/shaack/cm-chessboard
[Stefan Haack]: https://github.com/shaack
[cm-chessboard's MIT license]: https://github.com/shaack/cm-chessboard/blob/master/LICENSE
[SvelteKit]: https://github.com/sveltejs/kit
[SvelteKit License]: https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/blob/main/LICENSE
